Ahhhh!
Wait, grandpa said I
Determine whether to nationalize
Anyway, Ying Gui let me go with him
I don't need to reverse bend and lock it.
That's it.
Master Qiu, open the door
You are afraid that you are alone at night
Ask me to accompany you
Ergou, Liu Ergou
My father asked you to accompany me
Why didn't you come earlier?
Hey, hey, I drank two taels of wine at home
I ate too much.
Hmm two dogs
Where are you? Why didn't I see you?
The door wind is so loud, can you see me?
You can see it when you open the door.
Yes, Li Ergou Ba Caozhuang continued to breathe
I can't come back for two days.
How could he have come to Yushugou to find me?
If Grandpa doesn't open the door, I can go.
No one's with you again
Li Ergou, go back
My grandpa will be here soon.
I don't need you to accompany me